Whoa!
Excuse me.
Is this he taken?
No, he's not taken.
Oh, thank you.
Oh, let me help you with this.
Do you want to sit by the window?
No, no, no.
I like the aisle seem better.
Please, you sit by the window.
My name is Stewart.
Malcolm Stewart.
Please, to meet you.
I'm Elsa Tobin.
How do you do?
Do you live in New York?
No, no.
I'm from Florida.
I am too.
But, didn't you just get on?
No, I just changed my seat.
A man next to me was smoking and smoke.
Really bothers me.
Where are you from in Florida?
That tightest feel.
It's near Orlando.
A small world, I'm from Titusville, too.
Really?
What part?
My husband and I live near Spaceport.
I know that area.
My house is only a few miles from Spaceport.
Do you still live there?
Oh, yes, yes.
My husband's there now.
He couldn't take time off to come to New York with me.
Do you still live there?
No.
I sold the house and the furniture.
Put a few personal things in an old trunk and shipped it to my children in New York.
That's my destination.
Are you married?
My wife died four years ago.
He was a wonderful woman, a real friend.
I'm sorry.
Really?
Lots of wonderful memories.
We were married almost 50 years.
Well, 47 to be exact.
John and I celebrate our 40th anniversary next month.
Oh, congratulations.
That's nice.
What does John do?
He's an aerospace engineer and works for Orlando aircraft corporation.
He started with them almost 40 years ago.
What do you do?
I just retired.
Had my own company, a construction company.
Wrong, redgers, big stuff.
But I just sold it and retired.
Excuse me, ma'am.
Take it, please.
Would you kindly hold these keys, please?
I have a ticket.
I know.
I was in the smoking section.
It's okay, lady.
Take your time.
I'm sure it's in your apartment, Mrs. Tobin.
Oh, here it is.
And here are your keys.
Thank you.
Do you have family in New York?
No, no.
But I do have very close friends in New York City.
We like to go to the theater together.
You said you, me, in New York.
Yes, indeed.
A son and his wife and their three children.
My grandchildren.
You must be excited.
I can't wait to see them.
Are you going to live with them?
Yes.
Permanent life?
Well, they want me to.
But it's too early to know for sure.
I'm pretty independent.
I tried to teach my kids the importance of independence.
But I'm not sure I want to be alone.
Some people don't mind being alone.
I do.
I understand.
But tell me, why did you stop working?
I retired because of...
I wanted to be with my family.
I didn't want to be alone anymore.